c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.dll.config
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.dll
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.pdb
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\obj\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\obj\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.dll
c:\users\asenseve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio\Udi.Comercio.Data\obj\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.pdb
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.dll.config
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.dll
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.pdb
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\obj\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\obj\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.dll
C:\Users\asenseve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Udi.Comercio2\Udi.Comercio.Data\obj\Debug\Udi.Comercio.Data.pdb
